# Changelog

## 2.0.2

* Bug: An `INVALID_ENUM` glerror triggered after querying context info is now consumed.

## 2.0.1

Bugfixes

- SDL2 window now allows highdpi framebuffers when available
- pygame2 window should only initialize the display module

## 2.0.0

Breaking Changes

* `mouse_position_event` signature has changed from `(x, y)` to `(x, y, dx, dy)`.
  This means you will also be getting the relative position change.
* `mouse_drag_event` signature has changed from `(x, y)` to `(x, y, dx, dy)`.
  This means you will also be getting the relative position change.
* `KeyboardCamera.rot_state` now takes dx and dy instead of x and y

Improvements

* Python 3.8 support (PySide2 will take a few more months. SDL2 has issues on windows)
* Added pygame2 window
* Added window callback `iconify` for all window types that will be called
  when a window is minimized or restored
* Window property `mouse_exclusivity` added for all window types.
  When enabled the mouse cursor is invisible and mouse position changes
  are only reported through the dx and dy values.
* Window property `size` is now assignable for all window types
* Window property `position` is now assignable for all window types
* Window property `title` is now assignable for all window types
* Window property `cursor` is now assignable for all window types
* The `KeyboardCamera` class should now be better at reducing the
  chance of rotation and movement popping
* All windows now properly separate viewport calculations when
  using fixed and free viewport (derived from window size)
* The window `aspect_ratio` property should always return
  the a value based on if the aspect ratio is fixed or free
* Added window `fixed_aspect_ratio` property so users can freely
  control this after window creation

## 1.5.2

* Added window property `position` for getting and setting window position for all window types
* Added window properties: `viewport_size`, `viewport_width`, `viewport_height`
* Upgraded dependency for tkinter window. `pyopengltk>=0.0.3`
* Loosened up most of the requirements
* Bug: Missing call to `tk.destroy()` in tk window

## 1.5.1

* Upgraded dependency for tkinter window. `pyopengltk==0.0.2`.

## 1.5.0

* Added experimental support for tkinter window. Relies on
  Jon Wright's pyopengltk package: https://github.com/jonwright/pyopengltk.
  Currently only supports windows and linux, but that might change
  in the future.
* KeyboardCamera: Exposed `mouse_sensitivity`, `velocity` and `projection` attributes
* Various missing docstring and docstring improvements
* Various missing type hints

## 1.4.0

* Added support for mouse_drag events for all window types
* Added support for unicode_char_entered (text input) for all windows
* Added support for mouse wheel events for all window types

## 1.3.0

* Fixed several issue related to python 3.5 support
* Upgraded to pywavefront 1.2.x
* Renamed some modules and classes to better reflect their capabiltities
* Renamed some inconsistent parameter names in the codebase
* Complete overhaul of docstrings in the entire codebase
* Added missing type hints
* Revived the STL loader
* Documentation
* Added `moderngl_window.__version__` attribute

## 1.2.0

* GL errors during window creation is now consumed. This is to avoid confusion when this state is set in the rendering loop.
* Default anisotropy for textures loaders is now 1.0 (disabled, isotropy)
* Mipmaps are no longer generated by default. You must explicitly enable this in parameters.
* WindowConfig.load_texture_2d now exposes more parameters
* WindowConfig.load_texture_array now exposes more parameters
* WindowConfig.load_scene now exposes more parameters
* Texture loaders supports specifying mipmap levels
* Texture loaders supports specifying anisotropy
* VAO wrapper supports normalized float/uint/int
* More tests

## 1.1.0

* Supported buffer formats in the VAO wrapper now matches moderngl better
* VAO wrapper now uses buffer format strings matching moderngl including divisors
* Fixed some logging issues

## 1.0.0

Initial release
